This is now the fraudulent, the appropriate ones to interrogate about these new aspects.
And so he feels that he will take no further time in trying to interrogate Mr. Louis.
How about the relevance of which he was sent to the trans little belt, requiring him to think
of the thumbs of the public and to this case.
Mr. Chairman, I'm an introduction at the chairman.
Mr. Chairman, may I monitor what it will be for you, or why the personal privilege you have
to do me?
At any time, the chair or any other member of this committee were cared to take the matter
of my serving on this committee to the Senate floor.
I would be happy to be on the Senate floor.
At any time, anybody is surprised about anything that I ever said or do or write.
I would be happy to take that to the Senate floor also.
Mr. Chairman.
When I looked forward, if I may just finish my statement.
Now I look forward at that time to the presence of the chairman and the junior senator from Wisconsin.
So, through our new care, we've learned a lot of the question I've raised and has to respond.
As far as he could withdraw, he made no statements or information about taking anything to the Senate floor.
He stated in very honest conviction that these developments today have been accomplished,
surprised to him, and have kept some new lights on the whole country, which he knew nothing of until
18 months ago.
The chairman made the chairman say one more thing, because today I want to comment on the surprise.
The secretary of the Army works for the secretary of defense in the line.
The secretary of defense works for President Eisenhower in the line.
The deputy attorney general works for the attorney general in the line.
The attorney general works for the president of the United States in the line.
I am a Democrat, but I am also an American.
Both of these people came to me and asked me to give them help with respect to a problem,
which they felt might well destroy any Army, and I gave them that help, and I did it with conviction.
However, as soon as I heard it would be hearing that one of the gainer mine, the chair,
I have not discussed anything in any way with any of the president.
The secretary of defense works for the president of the United States in the line.
I have a saying that he is ready to be ready to be in general, and we will have to proceed.
The chairman is one of the first to propose.
You will say it.
Again, I am only afraid of 30 seconds.
I believe the senator's timing can stay with I like to.
Remind the chair that as well I removed myself from this mini-vom fairly, and I did not make the senator do it.
Senator's timing can be the loudest voice.
I believe that the senator's timing should not serve because I had great judge of the case.
I think in all honesty, should have at that time told us that prior to that he admitted statement to the secretary of the Army and I agreed.
If you and I are going to work this together, work this together, I mean to get the staff of my committee and get the chairman and stop the hearing.
And I get hosted over the weekend.
The senator Missouri decides to take the same action, I just namely remove himself from this committee.
The chairman, let's not...
I think the conclusion is thrown into this record.
I think Senator McCarthy is aware of the fact that what he is reading related to General's liquor and not to the hearing.
Let's keep the facts straight in this thing.
This is long before hearing was set up this February 20th.
And may I say to the chair, that it is always wise not to pass judgment until all evidence is been.
And the chairman has said a new light has been cast, but I don't know that a new light can be cast until all the light is there.
I have sort of a recollection, Mr. Chairman, that there is some hesitancy on the part of some to put the telephone calls into the record.
Mr. Cohn is a very able lawyer.
He knows that an executive order has been issued.
And that the president of the United States has said firmly.
He said firmly that he will not back down on that order.
The order provides that no calls within the executive branch, memorandum or any kind of information can be turned over to this committee.
If you don't want your phone calls in all you have to say is that I'm not going to let my calls in on left,
unless all of the calls within the executive branch goes in.
That's an easy legal technicality to hang your hat on and get off from under.
May I cite an American people at this point?
No senator on this committee attached a legal technicality to getting his calls in.
Every senator on this committee agreed to put the calls in whether or not such calls within the executive branch might not come in.
I think it's always right, it's always fair, and it's always just to reserve comment on evidence in a given area.
In this area it has to be monitored phone calls until you get all the monitored calls in.
That relate to that area which can be entered into evidence.
And I think that the American people are pretty wise.
They know what the story is here, and that is that's all of the parties that now agree to put them in except Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn.
Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry to go along with this tonight.
So I have to make another point of personal privacy in the end.
I would like to know what the chairman of parliament really is for specifically what the point of personal privacy is.
The point of making plan of this from now on, I'm not sure if that's the answer to Mr. Jackson's statement,
but I say I'm completely unfair. If he does not know me, I'm not the same.
No, I will not give you my life, I'm wish part of my statement some for him.
May I say yes?
Yes sir.
Thank you.
I stated on the first day that I was in principle all of the role going in.
And at that time, there was no presidential director.
I know we, ever for the least, that all of the role could not wait one to come in.
And I said that kindly on the public record.
I believe I was the first person arrested to sign a written sentence to get any monitor call in which I was involved to Mr. Jackson's statement.
At that time, sir, I requested the saying generally that the army similarly supply other relevant calls to Mr. Jenkins and his state.
Now, there are just a few more to take one point of time.
But let's take one point of the time. I'm a really part of my time.
So, you have the current presidential issue, can you go out with that?
No, I just want to get one point of view.
Where am I?
I said, after 20 years, there was no presidential director at all.
We said, all of the calls could come in.
And there was no reading this bad time, where they all were not coming.
The second point is that at a meeting, I was the first person to sign a written sentence and I believe giving the call to Mr. Jenkins.
At that time, I heard and produced the day of other relevant calls to Mr. Jenkins' insistence.
There was no presidential director.
But the army still, one of the things that Mr. Adams still felt,
to produce the other calls on the removal of general law on the other,
he said, I have for them today and today, I said, where are the other calls to make a global wave?
There was no presidential director at that time.
There was a calling for a truly curious, I think I know the truly curious,
when all those were not present and when there was no presidential director.
I was now at the last point of interest, at too many calls,
I, by the way, just as I was saying here, there are no one of his calls between Mr. Adams and myself.
The calls between the citizens of myself have been fully testified to as far as I know.
I'm this decision on the witness's standing, so there is nothing very big to say.
Some of the things to which he referred, we make the other calls,
which he would tell from this committee before the presidential director came about.
Now, there's a very simple political.
All that has to happen here is that over the weekend, Mr. Davids and Mr. Adams
can get permission to have these calls already mentioned, already referred to.
Go into the record along with the others, and with my original consent given the very first day,
my call, which are no secret because they've already been testified to,
will be the first call to be read into the record here.
Now, that's very plainly the slide position has been all along,
and I think it's a completely fair position and one that can be worked out.
Well, Mr. Cohn, let me just answer an early play.
And can I say a session if you're not taking it out of your mind?
Let me just answer that very briefly.
You're reverting out of the first day when you knew that there was a tremendous number of calls,
some of them were indicated to be in the defense, probably,
between Mr. Stevens and the White House,
and that if you make a motion or agree to put in all calls,
then obviously you never get a call between the White House and the Secretary,
and so by agreeing to all calls and stipulating on all calls, it wouldn't all go in.
That was the first instance.
The Melisbee absolutely fair about this.
The Senators on this committee waived all these technicalities.
They're not going back to the beginning of these hearings.
The Senators on this committee forgot about the executive order and said,
well, if that's it, all right, we'll still agree to our call.
No, I can't that be accomplished.
And if it seems to me that it's quite apparent here that if all of the Senators on this committee agree,
we'll put our calls in whether or not all of the other calls go in or not.
Now, I think it's very apparent and very obvious that when you attach a condition,
which you know makes it impossible for the call to go in,
then it's obvious that the call will not go in.
And I think that's pretty apparent.
I think it'll be the way to get the floor.
I've been trying here for two days to try to get these calls all this little brown paper
and put them in the public records.
Now, if I had a personal privilege, I'd say it's personal to get to me.
No, no, it's just I'm the person.
If you're planning to get the pay, you wouldn't use my phone.
It's after five o'clock now, this is the end of the year.
And I think that the anonymous consent that the council may read my...
the monitor's telephone conversation and we get that all the way anyway.
I agree.
You know, you're an anonymous consent to your 50 boys.
The caravan stated that you had the infection or any counsel now reached the monitoring conversation
between Senator Potter and the Railways and all.
I heard no objection. The council was able to deliver some of your exchange seats to Mr. Rose.
Mr. Cameron, I knew it was as loud as it was possible.
And Mr. Rose, I'm a last-key to think.
Please have a seat.
This year transcript of the monitor telephone call, calls Mr. Rose,
has received the exchange between Senator Potter and the six-day of the Army and following closely in.
And I will ask you whether or not I have those calls directly.
This is State of February 20th, 9.59.
Second day of the Army, both Senator Charles Potter, second day of the Army.
I was trying to find out, obviously, where Senator McKenzie was,
but I thought it was only saying appropriate to tell him I was calling on members of these committee on the...
of these committee on the hill, but I did not...
I didn't find out until this morning.
So, you are, which was the 10-Eightful Cell in Albany.
So, I called on the phone and told him I called on those members of the committee I could sign
because I was terribly distressed about this thing, particularly in connection with General D'Aikor,
and he said, quote,
you mean the saying he's not going to appear, quote, quote, and I said quote.
I'm just not willing to produce that sort of a suspicious time, quote, quote.
Of course, you're going to like the things you have completely needed in your face to be erring over.
I'm not a governor, too.
And he was showing me before the Americans, he'd do what kind of a guy I am.
And finally, he said quote, we accept his adenance.
Hope the press gets my pronunciation of that R.S.
and editorialize nice to respect him on this pronunciation.
quote, we accept his adenance, the ten of problems and one of the sides, much.
He said quote, are you refusing, quote, quote, I said quote, time not refusing?
I'm taking it under advisement, quote, quote.
Where is that?
You're subpoenaed for ten o'clock Tuesday morning, quote, quote, quote, any hunt up the phone.
I got off the talk to the members of the committee and I've already talked to everybody.
That call came to soon first and I want to talk with Carl soon,
but I thought I would bring you all up to date on this thing.
That's where it is now, Senator Butter.
Where were you supposed to appear?
Secretary of the Army, you didn't say.
I would assume and I suppose I would get a subpoena.
I presume it would be a meeting of the Third Committee here in Washington.
You didn't say anything about New York and I am certainly not going to New York
and if I were to say anything to the Secretary of the First Minister,
Senator Butter, what would they ever have to say about it?
Secretary of the Army, every setting is going to get into the things
and gotta get a hold of you and see what to do about this business.
And I can't do anything more than 14 facts.
I want to give you please, thought Mr. Weatherman,
it is wise to meet in case this time.
I'll find out if they could probably be.
A mail hand may be issued for not appearing at this particular time.
I'll give you all the thing you know, Senator Butter.
I've been contacted by everything Carl and we'll see what can be done.
Mr. Rote, have I heard not correctly read the...
The matter is that you left telephone call?
You have to.
And you say that you took that telephone call?
Yes, sir.
Does that Mr. Rote, in your opinion, substantially the context of that call?
And does it in your opinion, Charlie and I can really represent the substance of the conversation
between the two gentlemen to that conversation?
Yes, sir.
I read you...
No, no.
Thank you, Mark.
I'll ask you and I'll change it to...
Before you do so, Mr. Rote, is or not, but the only telephone call
is exchanged between Senator Butter and the sick of the Army.
Monitored by you?
Yes, sir.
I'll ask you to that same thing with Mr. Lucas.
So look as do you have before you the transcript of a monitor telephone call
between the sick day of the Army and Senator Butter, 81 March 1954, 9.45 A.M.
Yes, sir.
Did you take it?
Is it not his correct or substantially so?
Yes, sir.
Not verbatim, sir.
Not in your opinion, sir, Charlie and actually represent the substance of the conversation
fighting between those gentlemen at that time.
Yes, sir.
Do you follow me as I read that transcript, Mr. Lutson?
One March 1954, 9.45 A.M. Senator Butter, phone, sick day of the Army.
Check day, see them.
See them.
Before you say anything, I want to say I am most grateful for what you have done.
You really responded when the chips were down, and as long as I live I will never forget it.
And if it would have been possible for you to attend that lunch in meetings,
things would not have come out as it is.
Butter, paper's over and I found out there, that it was over and I found out there,
in fact, in the city.
Yes, they re-each.
We react well, letters are all together.
We react into it.
I've been ticking myself ever since we're not making some other arrangements.
See them.
Give them wonderful, Charlie, but it has been a terribly rough thing to go through the butter.
What is it this morning?
Have you any idea of Steven?
Yes.
And hearing this morning is, I think, a 1G-I who I believe is a communist.
We know all about him, and Charlie is this one of these things.
It was not a question of discovering it.
We know it.
Butter, you need all the higher Siemens.
I would have had a chance to check it yet this morning, so far it is in town.
He was up and big.
He is here now, and he has got his own councillor.
As a matter of fact, he has got his councilor.
And he said we don't supply councillor the communist assembly to space.
I'm pretty certain that if he was like to know who the five doctors,
is that right Mr. Wilkins?
Yes, Mr. Spirits.
Butter, is my understanding of the policy has been in it?
And I think quite properly so that as far as the communists,
he is not exempt from the services.
Steven, no one can not do that.
We cannot do it.
Butter, as long as you know who he is, then you can march into the same room.
Steven, that is exactly what we did.
We cannot take the position as he befell us as he is a communist,
he is exempt from military service.
Butter, how does the government move for a period as we came?
And I thought maybe after the letter part of the week's time,
when things jail a little more, maybe just the two of us.
I have a couple of suggestions I would like to make.
But it's not close to having to be treated as a suggestion here.
Because I, by the way, exactly how to operate and I need to suggest you.
Just butter, maybe we can have lunch together.
I'm going to New York tonight and there are some things I would not like to talk with me about along this line.
And I will meet you with mine, the two patients.
If you would offer a bar,
who would you go up with me?
I would go up about four and be back in the morning.
Steven, certainly I will be leaving right now, the powder.
And I didn't come back to our office about when we will be going.
Steven, as long as I live, I will never forget it.
When I issued my first statement, you came out with the board of debt.
And when the crisis came out and said I was a liar, you came to bed right off,
and came to my besties.
Butter, you're the terrible thing that is happening.
I was welcome to the receiving of the gifts.
I'd also like to take advantage of the situation to think in on what has happened
because in the effort to cooperate with the debt administration, I was pretty surprised.
And I know I didn't reflect any credit on this administration.
And I would like to find out some of the suggestions how we can recover some of this world's gap.
When easy to say is to say...
Well...
Looking really bad, looking really naughty.
Let's say to the devil with it, how's that?
Is that the... is that the thing I can make an even easier?
If you've made it to us, this is a care...
I don't want to come anyway.
Of course, but I don't think that is right for this administration.
I've taken a lot of reviews, and I suppose I will think a lot more.
There's one exception, Mary, which I have substituted today.
A mild word for one, perhaps, slightly harder.
Have I heard not correctly written?
The monitoring of that columnist is moving.
I believe that about the...
No.
The fixable fitter, fixed lines from the end.
I wasn't sure I heard you.
From the... in the beam, yes sir.
The figure means that there's fixed lines.
And I know it doesn't bring like any credit.
I wasn't sure what it means that's better than that.
All I read is again.
I'd like to welcome the opportunity to receive your suggestions.
I'd like to take advantage of the situation that came to me in on what has happened.
It's a cause in an effort to cooperate with this administration.
I was crucified.
And I know it's written, reflect any credit on this administration.
Is that the question you lay up to?
I think I read it correctly.
How about I not tolerate this statement correctly in this entirety with the exception of one word?
You know what I mean?
My order is some suggestions.
Yes sir.
Which in no wise change the meaning of it?
Mr. Lucas, I was at two calls.
What I have read.
One being monitored by Mr. Rhodes and the lights and the same monitor,
but you only call,
I think, between the senator from Michigan's Sengapotter and the Secretary of the Army,
with her monitor as far as you know.
Yes sir.
I don't know whether the question is Mr. Chairman.
I'm not a bother.
The order still that the conversation might make a little more sense.
I think I should make a short statement.
The weapons to Davis at first,
the second to the conversation, the one that Mr. Lucas monitored,
was following the so-called chicken luncheon on the all famous memorandum
of understanding the vision,
so that the weapons were to the reaction
to what the statement was understanding.
And, quite some later on,
quite some later,
Davis first,
or a luncheon together with Mr. Steven,
was never a trail.
But,
the terrible thing is that he had a meeting with,
from the time he was in,
and the contract,
that's when the contract has a lead to catch a claim,
that we would reach,
yes, that we would reach as close to five o'clock as we could.
And, I think there are other senators,
or principals,
who want to ask unanimous consent to have their hearings read
into the record of this time,
a senator poverty,
by the chair believes that we should reach it,
so he just wants to make that statement now.
And,
come on, Mr. Chairman,
thank you very much.
So,
I think here a little bit,
number one, I just got a message from,
thank you, I think,
to be expected,
he will send to have a telephone call,
which Mr. Steven made,
and, again,
all of us, the statements tonight,
he's in the meeting.
Dave, I told the 21st,
incident to the record,
with no conditions,
it's a touch for whatsoever.
I'm trying to reach Mr. Caragel and give minutes,
I would suggest this, sir.
We can see over the weekend whether or not,
Mr. Steven and Mr. Adam
can get an agreement,
that's a call,
I have listed by state,
which would testify for one before the presidential director,
but not say,
it's,
it's not say,
it's an inevitable.
I think, by Monday,
whether they can go in for one,
I will have a consent from Mr. Caragel,
so let's roll on all the whole down material,
can be right into the right,
and even though there is going to be a withholding,
a call by Mr. Steven in the thoracic,
we want everything run out,
by in no matter what,
we think it would be much better
if everything went,
if everything doesn't go away,
and I can hold the way,
the same is going,
everything from outside,
so,
and if we continue that way,
that'll be all right,
if I,
we would like a lay of effort,
to get these other balls put in the record,
at the same time.
Mr. Chairman,
I just want to ask Paul,
and I'm the acting department of calls.
Chairman Chairman, I have,
call 1-2-3-4-5-6,
page of the call here.
There are some relations,
but I will not fulfill them.
I have no for special requests,
they go in tonight.
I've got to leave for Wisconsin very shortly,
we're celebrating the 100th anniversary of the,
creation of the Republican Party tomorrow.
I would like to,
as well as my friends,
I would like to thank you for the great pleasure,
and I'm on the team.
That's right, it's something that's there.
I would like to thank you.
I'm going to like knock the top of the food,
like you have a number two.
Can I say that, Mr. Chairman,
before we adjourn?
I want to declare that the,
first of the Mr. Coles may have,
uh, my, uh,
will not disagree with you.
Have been made against my advice.
I feel that, uh,
I can play with a stacked deck.
I advise my staff not to,
I advise the staff not to put in any monetary calls
but in anything,
that's what gets the calls from,
uh, low Rogers,
who is the deputy attorney general,
who must pass upon the sevens,
pass upon the questions of contempt,
what have you,
about, uh, after talking to everyone,
was, uh, Roy Cohen,
he feels that, uh,
he is also willing to play with the stacked deck,
if he wants to, uh, I feel like him,
I think if he wants to,
it's up to him so apparently,
all of the calls that we have will go in,
even though we never get,
they call within Mr. Rogers
and Mr. Simington,
even though Mr. Simington insists
upon sitting as a judge,
after,
I'm listening to one of that matter now,
because it's just about that kind of thing.
I will, I say to the sheriff,
or to the staff,
and I'll be ready money morning,
Mr. Chairman,
please stand in the recess,
to the 10th of October,
Monday morning.
You have just heard Chairman Montenaw,
so the next session of the hearings,
will be at 10 a.m. Monday.
You have just heard Chairman Montenaw,
so the next session of the hearings,
will be at 10 a.m. Monday.